oh holy mates so I recently just got my
zombie tools - Capitan nails the house
and it's wonderful to be here I think it
was maybe a twelve thirteen week wait
period since I ordered it I actually
ordered it the day Aiden got his sack of
sushi and I had been pondering it and
then that kind of sealed the deal so
well what can I say about the de Capitan
I've only had it for two days now but I
love this blade this is awesome
it's consider it has considered it has
considerably more heft than Aiden Zeca
sushi and a much shorter handle which
you might think makes it a little bit
less easy to wheel but it's really not
and it's not even that it's so much less
easy to wield it's that it's a very
different feel to it like the Zeki sushi
is very graceful
you can slash and then bring it back and
you know it's just a very graceful blade
like you would think any you know
Japanese ish sword would be modeled it
after but the Capitan is it lends itself
to a very different fighting style this
is definitely a much heavier hitter than
the desire sushi it's actually
quarter-inch steel versus Ayden how long
how thick is the exact sushi 204,000
thick yeah
so so it's a much thicker blade it is
heavier it seems I don't I don't know I
didn't look at the actual weights of the
blades but it certainly seems heavier
and with the zeka sushi
you really have to you're doing most of
the work but with this the blade does a
lot of the work for you cuz you just got
to bring it up and it'll bring itself
down because it's pretty heavy and it it
is very versatile you can use it in
really close quarters I guess and yeah I
like that it has the little bit of a
hand guard here I think that's one of
maybe two zombie tools the moment that
have that hand guard this and the bone
machete which I will probably get at
some point but yeah it's a very awesome
blade I like it a lot
I was very happy to get it a lot of the
guys that work for they thought it was
pretty cool to seen a real pirate sword
and what else can I say it's a fistful
of fuck yar and I like it a lot
are we gonna do some shopping in this
video or sign off and do another one
we're up to about three minutes so we
can sign off and do it in and I'm
alright have a great day